Update sql-identifiers.md (#1960)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/sql-identifiers.md

* The remaining characters of an identifier must be ASCII letters (e.g., `a`-`z` and `A`-`Z`), underscores (`_`), ASCII digits (`0`-`9`), or dollar signs (`$`).
* Non-ASCII characters in unquoted identifiers are not allowed.
* You can circumvent any above rules by double-quoting the identifier (e.g., `"5_source"`). All characters inside a quoted identifier are taken literally, except double-quotes must be escaped by writing two adjacent double-quotes, as in (e.g., `"two""quotes"`).
* In an **expression**, certain names are interpreted as builtins rather than column names. For example:

    ```sql title="Names interpreted as builtins"
    SELECT user; -- This is the builtin `user`.

    SELECT user, avatar FROM t; -- This is also the builtin `user`, rather than a column from the table `t`.
    ```

>   Some of such names that need to be especially noticed include **`user`, `current_timestamp`, `current_schema`, `current_role`, `current_user`,** and **`session_user`**. To avoid such issues, you can either avoid naming a column with these words, or qualify it with the table name (as shown in the example below) when such ambiguity happens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Several names also require special attention, including **`user`, `current_timestamp`, `current_schema`, `current_role`, `current_user`,** and **`session_user`**. To avoid such issues, you can either avoid naming a column with these words, or qualify it with the table name (as shown in the example below) when such ambiguity happens.
```
